added changes on the docs with reference to latest changes on nginx ip (#99)
tinkerbell/tinkerbell-docs: docs/setup/using-qemu.md

10. Start Tinkerbell.

    ```
    cd deploy
    source ../.env; docker-compose up -d
    ```

    At this point we now have a server with available resource, we can create virtual machines and Tinkerbell is listening on the correct internal network!

>     Reasource inside the Tinkrebell will be reachable as per the below details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Resource inside the Tinkerbell will be reachable as per the below details
```
